Proposal: e-services PDND added security requirement (#596)
italia/eid-wallet-it-docs: docs/en/e-service-pdnd.rst

    * - R4
      - The e-Services MUST be implemented in REST, thus SOAP protocol MUST NOT be used.
      - Technical
    * - R5

>       - The Producer SHALL ensure, with a high degree of certainty, the verification of the Consumer's identity.

Reviewer: Terminology and refinement.

```suggestion
      - The Provider MUST ensure, with a high degree of certainty, the Consumer's proof of possession of the Voucher.
```

    * - **Security Pattern**
      - **Compliant With**

>     * - **[REST_JWS_2021_POP]** JWS POP Voucher Issuing Profile (*Annex 3 - Standards and technical details used for Voucher Authorization* [`PDND`_]): REQUIRED if **[AUDIT_REST_02]** is not implemented. It adds a proof of possession on the Voucher. The Consumer using the Voucher to access an e-service MUST demonstrate the proof of possession of the private key whose public is attested on the Voucher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * - **[REST_JWS_2021_POP]** JWS POP Voucher Issuing Profile (*Annex 3 - Standards and technical details used for Voucher Authorization* [`PDND`_]): REQUIRED. It adds a proof of possession on the Voucher. The Consumer using the Voucher to access an e-service MUST demonstrate the proof of possession of the private key whose public is attested on the Voucher.
```

      - R2, R4, R5
    * - **[ID_AUTH_CHANNEL_01]** Direct Trust Transport-Level Security (*Annex 2 - Security Patterns* [`MODI`_]): REQUIRED. It protects the communication between the Consumer and the Provider by ensuring confidentiality, integrity, identification of the Provider, and mitigation against replay attack and spoofing.
      - R1, R2
    * - **[INTEGRITY_REST_02]** REST Payload Integrity in PDND (*Annex 2 - Security Patterns* [`MODI`_]): CONDITIONAL. It ensures the integrity of the payload of the REST Consumer request, within the PDND Infrastructure. It is REQUIRED whenever the request carries a payload.
      - R2, R4

>     * - **[AUDIT_REST_02]** Submission of audit data within the REST request with correlation (*Annex 2 - Security Patterns* [`MODI`_]): REQUIRED if **[REST_JWS_2021_POP]** is not implemented. The Provider MAY request additional data tracked in the Consumer's domain, with a correlation between such data and the authentication method. In that case, this pattern MUST be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * - **[AUDIT_REST_02]** Submission of audit data within the REST request with correlation (*Annex 2 - Security Patterns* [`MODI`_]): OPTIONAL. The Provider MAY request additional data tracked in the Consumer's domain, with a correlation between such data and the authentication method. In that case, this pattern MUST be used.
```

>       - R3, R4, R5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - R3, R4
```
